Troubleshooting scripts adjustments (#6938)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/troubleshooting/edge/collect-support-bundles.md

   | `--resources-namespaced`     | `-r`                | Additional namespace-scoped resources to collect. By default, the script collects the following namespace-scoped resources: `apiservices`, `configmaps`, `cronjobs`, `daemonsets`, `deployments`, `endpoints`, `endpointslices`, `events`, `hpa`, `ingress`, `jobs`, `leases`, `limitranges`, `networkpolicies`, `poddisruptionbudgets`, `pods`, `pvc`, `replicasets`, `resourcequotas`, `roles`, `rolebindings`, `services`, `serviceaccounts`, `statefulsets`. | `-r certificates.cert-manager.io`   |
   | `--resources-cluster-scoped` | `-R`                | Additional cluster-scoped resources to collect. By default, the script collects the following cluster-scoped resources: `apiservices`, `clusterroles`, `clusterrolebindings`, `crds`, `csr`, `mutatingwebhookconfigurations`, `namespaces`, `nodes`, `priorityclasses`, `pv`, `storageclasses`, `validatingwebhookconfigurations`, `volumeattachments`.                                                                                                          | `-R clusterissuers.cert-manager.io` |

   :::warning

>    The default values for frags may change, refer to the scripts for the most accurate information.

Author: They can actually see the script text! I changed the page to provide this information with an example of a command they can use

   | `--resources-namespaced`     | `-r`               | Additional namespace-scoped resources to collect. By default, the script collects the following namespace-scoped resources: `apiservices`, `configmaps`, `cronjobs`, `daemonsets`, `deployments`, `endpoints`, `endpointslices`, `events`, `hpa`, `ingress`, `jobs`, `leases`, `limitranges`, `networkpolicies`, `poddisruptionbudgets`, `pods`, `pvc`, `replicasets`, `resourcequotas`, `roles`, `rolebindings`, `services`, `serviceaccounts`, and `statefulsets`. | `-r certificates.cert-manager.io`   |
   | `--resources-cluster-scoped` | `-R`               | Additional cluster-scoped resources to collect. By default, the script collects the following cluster-scoped resources: `apiservices`, `clusterroles`, `clusterrolebindings`, `crds`, `csr`, `mutatingwebhookconfigurations`, `namespaces`, `nodes`, `priorityclasses`, `pv`, `storageclasses`, `validatingwebhookconfigurations`, and `volumeattachments`.                                                                                                          | `-R clusterissuers.cert-manager.io` |

>    The default values for frags may change. Refer to the scripts for the most accurate information. For example, you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The default values for flags may change. Refer to the scripts for the most accurate information. For example, you can
```

   The table below contains the optional flags you can use when running the script.

>    | **Full Flag Name**           | **Short Flag Name** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | **Example**                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **Longhand Flag**           | **Shorthand Flag** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | **Example**                         |
```

   | ---------------------------- | ------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |

>    | `--start-days-ago`           | `-s`                | Number of days in the past to start collecting journald logs.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `-s 7`                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `--start-days-ago`           | `-s`                | Number of days in the past to start collecting journald logs from.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `-s 7`                              |
```

>    | `--end-days-ago`             | `-e`                | Number of days before now to stop collecting journald logs. The value must be smaller than `-s`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `-e 5`                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `--end-days-ago`             | `-e`                | Number of days in the future when you will stop collecting journald logs. The value must be smaller than `-s`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `-e 5`                              |
```

Author: It's actually the number of days in the past as well!
For example, if I want to collect logs from 15 May to 21 May (and today is 22), that's what I would pass in these flags:
--start-days-ago 7
--end-days-ago 1

   | `--end-date`                 | `-E`                | End date for journald log collection. Must be later than `-S`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `-E 2024-01-06`                     |

>    | `--namespaces`               | `-n`                | Additional namespaces to collect logs from. By default, the script collects the logs from the following namespaces: `capi-webhook-system`, `cert-manager`, `harbor`, `kube-system`, `kube-public`, `longhorn-system`, `os-patch`, `palette-system`, `reach-system`, `spectro-system`, `system-upgrade`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `-n hello-universe,hello-world`     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `--namespaces`               | `-n`                | Additional namespaces to collect logs from. By default, the script collects the logs from the following namespaces: `capi-webhook-system`, `cert-manager`, `harbor`, `kube-system`, `kube-public`, `longhorn-system`, `os-patch`, `palette-system`, `reach-system`, `spectro-system`, and `system-upgrade`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | `-n hello-universe,hello-world`     |
```

>    | `--resources-namespaced`     | `-r`                | Additional namespace-scoped resources to collect. By default, the script collects the following namespace-scoped resources: `apiservices`, `configmaps`, `cronjobs`, `daemonsets`, `deployments`, `endpoints`, `endpointslices`, `events`, `hpa`, `ingress`, `jobs`, `leases`, `limitranges`, `networkpolicies`, `poddisruptionbudgets`, `pods`, `pvc`, `replicasets`, `resourcequotas`, `roles`, `rolebindings`, `services`, `serviceaccounts`, `statefulsets`.                                                            | `-r certificates.cert-manager.io`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `--resources-namespaced`     | `-r`                | Additional namespace-scoped resources to collect. By default, the script collects the following namespace-scoped resources: `apiservices`, `configmaps`, `cronjobs`, `daemonsets`, `deployments`, `endpoints`, `endpointslices`, `events`, `hpa`, `ingress`, `jobs`, `leases`, `limitranges`, `networkpolicies`, `poddisruptionbudgets`, `pods`, `pvc`, `replicasets`, `resourcequotas`, `roles`, `rolebindings`, `services`, `serviceaccounts`, and `statefulsets`.                                                            | `-r certificates.cert-manager.io`   |
```

>    | `--resources-cluster-scoped` | `-R`                | Additional cluster-scoped resources to collect. By default, the script collects the following cluster-scoped resources: `apiservices`, `clusterroles`, `clusterrolebindings`, `crds`, `csr`, `mutatingwebhookconfigurations`, `namespaces`, `nodes`, `priorityclasses`, `pv`, `storageclasses`, `validatingwebhookconfigurations`, `volumeattachments`.                                                                                                                                                                     | `-R clusterissuers.cert-manager.io` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `--resources-cluster-scoped` | `-R`                | Additional cluster-scoped resources to collect. By default, the script collects the following cluster-scoped resources: `apiservices`, `clusterroles`, `clusterrolebindings`, `crds`, `csr`, `mutatingwebhookconfigurations`, `namespaces`, `nodes`, `priorityclasses`, `pv`, `storageclasses`, `validatingwebhookconfigurations`, and `volumeattachments`.                                                                                                                                                                     | `-R clusterissuers.cert-manager.io` |
```

>    | `--journald-services`        | `-j`                | Additional journald services to include in logs. By default, the script includes the following journald services: `stylus-agent`, `stylus-operator`, `palette-tui`, `spectro-stylus-agent`, `spectro-stylus-operator`, `spectro-init`, `spectro-palette-agent-start`, `spectro-palette-agent-initramfs`, `spectro-palette-agent-boot`, `spectro-palette-agent-network`, `spectro-palette-agent-bootstrap`, `systemd-timesyncd`, `containerd`, `kubelet`, `k3s`, `k3s-agent`, `rke2-server`, `rke2-agent`, `cos-setup-boot`. | `-j cloud-init,systemd-resolved`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | `--journald-services`        | `-j`                | Additional journald services to include in logs. By default, the script includes the following journald services: `stylus-agent`, `stylus-operator`, `palette-tui`, `spectro-stylus-agent`, `spectro-stylus-operator`, `spectro-init`, `spectro-palette-agent-start`, `spectro-palette-agent-initramfs`, `spectro-palette-agent-boot`, `spectro-palette-agent-network`, `spectro-palette-agent-bootstrap`, `systemd-timesyncd`, `containerd`, `kubelet`, `k3s`, `k3s-agent`, `rke2-server`, `rke2-agent`, and `cos-setup-boot`. | `-j cloud-init,systemd-resolved`    |
```

   :::warning

>    The default values for frags may change, refer to the scripts for the most accurate information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The default values for flags may change. Refer to the scripts for the most accurate information.
```

   | `--journald-services`        | `-j`               | Additional journald services to include in logs. By default, the script includes the following journald services: `stylus-agent`, `stylus-operator`, `palette-tui`, `spectro-stylus-agent`, `spectro-stylus-operator`, `spectro-init`, `spectro-palette-agent-start`, `spectro-palette-agent-initramfs`, `spectro-palette-agent-boot`, `spectro-palette-agent-network`, `spectro-palette-agent-bootstrap`, `systemd-timesyncd`, `containerd`, `kubelet`, `k3s`, `k3s-agent`, `rke2-server`, `rke2-agent`, and `cos-setup-boot`. | `-j cloud-init,systemd-resolved`    |

   The default values for flags may change. Refer to the scripts for the most accurate information. For example, you can
   display the script content in the terminal with the following command.

   ```bash
   cat support-bundle-edge.sh

>    ```

Reviewer: I personally think both of these mentions would be better as an admonition (bundled with the command), mainly because it's an aside. But that's just my opinion :) 

So, for example

   :::info

   The default values for flags may change. Refer to the scripts for the most accurate information. For example, you can
   display the script content in the terminal with the following command.

   ```bash
   cat support-bundle-edge.sh
   ```
   :::

Author: You are right, imho. I just hadn't thought that we could use bash inside info. Now I know. Thank you!
